Add essential clarification to help with cron debugging (#9515)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/configure/setup-cron-jobs.md

You can review cron processing information in the application-level log files for each environment. See [Application logs]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/log-locations.html#application-logs).

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Note that on multiple node environments (such as Pro), cron jobs will be executed on a randomly selected node. Because `~/var/log` is not shared between nodes, you may need to manually merge logs to get full visibility of cron execution.

Reviewer: Should this be "multi-node environments"?
```suggestion
Note that on multi-node environments (such as Pro), cron jobs are executed on a randomly selected node. Because `~/var/log` is not shared between nodes, you may need to manually merge logs to get full visibility of cron execution.
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Cron jobs execute with a different set of environment variables than are available in a SSH session. Notably, `$USER` is not available to cron jobs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cron jobs execute with a different set of environment variables than are available in an SSH session. Notably, `$USER` is not available to cron jobs.
```

> Cron jobs execute with a different set of environment variables than are available in a SSH session. Notably, `$USER` is not available to cron jobs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron jobs are executed with a different set of environment variables than are available in a SSH session. Notably, `$USER` is not available to cron jobs. 
```
